# Tools Working Group
2019-05-01

## Present
* Guillaume Charest - Treasury Board Secretariat Canada
* Jim Cowie - ESDC
* Reg Maltais - Statistics Canada
* Will Stevens - CloudOps

## Agenda

* Review last action items
* Roundtable
* Drupal PaaS in the works

## Notes

* Review last action items
* Roundtable:
  * Jim:
    * DevOps in the GC: First event will occur next week
    * Series of events will be held around the year
    * Blanket Authorization for contribution on 3rd party OSS projects
      * Resistence so will look at MOUs with interested employees for specific projects of interest
      * Need to understand who contributes to what so that we can properly authorize the assignation of IP.
    * Implementing a series of OSS approach and framework on internal sites for ESDC to get started.
    * Licence compliance internally: creation of a program office might be the way to go at ESDC. OSPO would be a subset of the Software Program Office. 
    * Inbound vs Outbound: scan everything coming in and everything going out. Need automation as much as possible to make it least barriers as possible.
  * Guillaume:
    * Might be interesting to draw a list of projects of interest for the GC as whole and recommend them for other departments as well.
  * Reg:
    * Moving ahead on Geospatial Open Source project
    * Build architecture will be available once the project is in production: Containerized, ready for deployment.
    * Cloud Community of practice with Michael Goit, Will Hearn, etc. (30+ people)
      * Many components could end up be open source.
    * OSS Conference: FOSS for Geospatial North America
      * PostgreSQL for analytics
      * NRCan Flood analytics platform if fully OSS (need to find a link to that)
        * June/July upcoming presentation from NRCan
  * Will:
    * There were some work presented from SSC around cloud and infrastructure a few weeks ago.
* Drupal PaaS in the works

## Next Steps

* Guillaume: to send email for all members of the OSAB re: Java
