# Open Source Advisory Board

December 19, 2018, 9am-10:30am

## Present

* Marc Brouillard
* Elizabeth
* Felicia
* Mike Gifford
* Harsh
* Casper
* Gabriel
* Simon Gaston
* Will Stevens
* Jim Cowie
* Reg Maltais
* Dugald
* Frank Desormi√®re
* Dan Cooper
* Paul Jackson
* Sebastien Lemay
* Robin Galipeau
* Barry
* Dave bucanon
* Fraser
* Ashley Casovan
* Mike Cardy
* John Campbell
* Barry 
* Dave 
* Janak Alford
* Fraser
* Ashley Casovan 
* Owen Teo
* Mathieu Fortin 

## Agenda
1. Welcome
2. Standard on Publishing and Using
3. Update and discussion: Rules Working Group
4. Update and Discussion: Tools Working Group
5. Update and Discussion: People Working Group
6. Roundtable

## 1. Welcome

## 2. Standard on Publishing and Using

Link to draft requirement for open source use, contribution and creation and open standards: https://github.com/canada-ca/open-source-logiciel-libre/blob/master/README.md

* Question:
  * How do we implement in conservative departments?
    * Going to help new comers through OSAB 
    * Engage, communicate and work together
  * New project from private sector to engage in the Government of Canada Github
    * OSAB could be the sponsor to special projects that would be released
  * Source code classification should be unclassified but there would be exceptions
    * Need to work process with departments to have build off
  * Namespaces management:
    * needs an organizational structure
    * IAM strategy
  * Internal repo to get started
  * Elizabeth: Agree to prioritize but shops around town are not all at the same level.
    * Will need training for everyone
    * Raise awareness
  * Elizabeth: question around on the timing:
    * How are we going to help those that have not yet been setup to succeeding
  * CSPS Digital Academy will have courses around devops and agile
  * Data and guidelines
  * Mike Cardy setup advice and consultation with BC province for licences
  * Marc: contributing:
    * Support model
  * How do far to guidelines reach?
    * I.e. Bilingualism in comments
    * Propose a quarterly refresh

## 3. Update and discussion: Rules Working Group

* Rules WG Update:
  * Create workflows around licences
* Namespace issue

## 4. Update and Discussion: Tools Working Group

* Data visualization
* Trying to get an understanding of what tools other departments are using
* Action item for the Tools WG to set-up the repo/tool and provide examples of which tools departments can use

## 5. Update and Discussion: People Working Group

* People WG Update:
  * Infographics
  * Digital Academy (looking at presentation for next OSAB)
  * Hackathon
* Crowdsource language translation, fix broken links etc. 

## 6. Roundtable

* Elizabeth: Would like to work with Chris on awareness
* Robin: Technical debt - Need to understand cost
* Paul: Need to contribute back "customization" otherwise you increase Technical debt
* TCO includes risk management/mitigation

## 7. Action Item

* Share the Guidance on Secure development
* Prioritize Internal DVCS
* Assessment of Concept Cases, TB Submissions, MC
* Support around developers, security and organizations
* Direction on Namespaces and procurement
  * Boilerplate documents
* Tools to automated lints and repos
  * Compounded dependencies
* Suggestion to People WG: contributing in other ways than source code.
* Checklist of risk consideration when choosing technology and TCO
* Mike Cardy: Total economical impact reports
* Meet with PSPC about acceptable OSS licences for the government of Canada to procure
  
