# 2018-10-22 Meeting Minutes
## Attendees
* Daniel Buijs
* Sébastien Lemay 
* Jim Cowie
* Guillaume Charest
* Stacey Williams 
* Hervé Gendron (representing Dugald Topshee)

## Notes 
* We will need Gitlab link: people to send their account name 
* List of members need to be provided to Marc 
* Roadmap comments are expected: 
  * Gaps
  * Missing elements
  * Priority
* Expand each element on roadmap in actionable tasks 
