# Meeting Minutes

2019-03-18

## Participants

* Dugald Topshee
* Marc Pageau
* Jim Cowie
* Johanne
* Guillaume
* Stacey 

## Redhat legal presentation
* Work that US department of defence did 
* Will they present it on a legal stance?
  * The presentation will address this 
* 

## Updates on guidelines
* Guidelines around using, contributing etc. The OSAB has 1 week to review them before EARB recommendation
* Sebastien has left us to go back to his department
  * Before he left, Guillaume gathered information 
  * Tutor group: Working group within the Lynx organization 
* List that was sent to justice, did we have feedback on it?
  * Met with PSPC procurement, legal and office of controller general. The list was deemed too detailed and broken down to different action items for each group. 
  * Guidelines are on github for comment 
* Have material aligned for OGP summit 
* Trying to put together an open source program office or department level specialist/ambassador. Used in COTS or in development streams. 
* Guillaume putting together course material 
* Open gov portal, is that only used for sharing information with businesses?
  * It has different components, one stop shop for all things open 
  * For working documents, you can put it in DevExchange. When it is finished, can be posted on canada.ca
  * Leverage open gov portal for consultation 
  * Release as information set instead of data set, request for feedback
  * Guidelines need to be communicated ASAP
  * RFP: limited licences to MIT only. Something that can be discussed in the open gov portal 
  * Did the open dialogue go anywhere on the portal?
    * Challenge: it is more of a pointer for each consultation. It varies by consultation 
  * Send link to the guidelines to the group
 
